refactor: Update chart tooltips to use best unit (#575)
Blobscan/blobscan: .changeset/cool-dingos-visit.md

---
"@blobscan/web": patch
---

> Multiple charts have been updated so that the tooltip uses the most appropriate unit for each value

Reviewer: Remember to use past tense.
```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the chart tooltip displayed zero for very low values. It now shows the most appropriate unit for each value.
```
